What's your real expression?
You're so secretive to me! I finally found a man I want to marry!
Won't you please me?
Brother is so happy!
But what is the real relationship between you and him?
Prince, Prince! Prince, Prince!
Prince, Prince! Prince, Prince! Prince, Prince! Prince, Prince! Prince, Prince!
Prince Wang! Prince Prince! Prince Prince! Prince Prince!
Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince!
Prince! Prince!
Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince! Prince!
Then what happened to him? Nothing. Congratulations.
I knew it
You are not as happy as I am. What are you doing?
I come back to participate
Dozens of competitions across the four coasts
Then don't live here anymore, sit at my house and walk here
I listened to the hotel
Can I ask you to leave the hotel and refund your drink? That’s good.
But when you see me, I ask my fiancé to leave
That's so rude, Lee
Could you please introduce
These unmarried wedding ceremonies